Ingredients for Donuts

For kneading dough:

    Maida - 2 cup
    Milk - ¾ cup
    Butter - ¼ cup
    Sugar - 2 tbsp
    Dry active yeast - 1 tsp
    Salt - ½ tsp (as per taste)
    Oil - for frying oil

For glazing donuts:

    Powdered sugar - ¼ cup
    Brown chocolate - 100 grams
    White chocolate - 100 grams

How to make Chocolate Donuts

Firstly knead dough for making doughnuts. Make milk lukewarm; also melt butter a bit so that it gets mixed in flour easily.

Take flour in any big utensil, add sugar, salt, dry active yeast and butter. Mix all ingredients really well. With help of lukewarm milk knead soft dough (we have used more then ½ cup milk). Keep kneading the dough for 5-7 minutes so that it gets soft.

Roll the dough giving it a round shape. Spread some dry flour on the board and place dough on it. With help of rolling pin make a round circle with ½- ¾ cm thickness and cut round doughnuts with help of a glass. Take a small cap of bottle and make holes in the doughnuts. Place doughnuts on a try. Make doughnuts from rest of the dough again in similar manner. Brush all prepared doughnuts with oil so that they don’t get dried.

Cover the doughnuts and keep then aside for 2 hours so that they be come puffy.

After 2 hours take oil in a pan and place it on flame for heating. Gently place 2-3 or as many doughnuts as possible in medium hot oil. Fry on low flame until they turn golden brown in color. Take out fried doughnuts in a plate with absorbent paper. Fry all doughnuts like wise. Dust piping hot doughnuts with powdered sugar.

How to glaze the doughnuts:

Melt brown and white chocolate. Take off the bowls with melted chocolates of flame and dip dome doughnuts with white chocolate and rest with brown chocolate.

Make a cone filled with brown chocolate and make line on the white chocolate doughnuts for garnishing and make white chocolate cone for garnishing the brown chocolate doughnuts.

For melting chocolates, heat water in any utensil and place the second utensil with crushed chocolate on its top. Cook on medium flame until chocolate gets pouring consistency. Stir after every 1-2 minutes. After chocolate melts completely take it off flame, let it get frigid and then bring in use.